HYPODROM TOKEN ($HYP)
BEP20




Token Contract: 0xe8A26fBDE5bf45Aa3c3a4Ce0259405Dd90675069
Token Symbol: HYP










 
ENTRY
The Hypodrom Token is the local token of the Hypodrom ecosystem. It is used in the activities that take place within the system. It is also a fundamental building block that sustains this ecosystem.
The ecosystem is based on the BEP20 network. It is aimed to provide users with a better platform experience thanks to BEP20, the most common Ethereum token standard. In particular, it is the reason why it is preferred due to low gas fees, less energy consumption and high transaction speed. The main purpose of Hypodrom is to transfer blockchain technology to the gaming sector. Thanks to this, the user will be able to experience virtually every stage from the development process of racehorses to the moment of the race. Each user is intended to interact with horses thanks to the blockchain. Thus, a winning ecosystem emerges when entertaining. It creates economic opportunities for both its investors and its players.
 
HYPODROM TOKEN ECOSYSTEM
Hypodrom uses the Binance Smart Chain infrastructure. This situation provides three different advantages to the ecosystem.
- Proof-of-stake consensus algorithm (POST)
Binance Smart Chain achieves 3-second block times with the Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm. Specifically, it uses a technology called Proof of Stake Authority (or PoSA), in which participants feel BNB to be confirmatory.
- It has interoperability feature
The Binance Smart Chain has a dual-chain architecture that allows users to take advantage of the flexibility of transferring assets from one blockchain to another. The interoperability of the Binance Smart Chain gives users access to a wide ecosystem with a large number of usage scenarios. Interoperability is one of the key features that is highly respected by DeFi supporters, and Binance Smart Chain is at the forefront of making this possible.
 
- Cheap Transactions
Transaction fees - also known as blockchain fees - refer to the fee that users pay when performing a blockchain transaction. This fee is collected by miners or validators, which allows the blockchain to register and process only valid transactions. Most DeFi applications contain a large number of transactions that require a transaction fee at each step. Therefore, blockchain fees are an important factor to consider before choosing a blockchain protocol. The Binance Smart Chain is significantly more cost-effective than Ethereum, and the blockchain protocol consumes much less energy.
Hypodrom is an ecosystem that, by its simplest definition, dec the crypto and gaming industry together to its users. Each stage of the development process of horse racing is experienced in a virtual environment. Within the hypodrom ecosystem, users are located in a structure that can be self-managed. Each user can create his own game world, improve it and earn money. Thanks to this situation, a competitive environment arises.
There are several income gates within the system. Users can start earning Hypodrom Tokens by choosing the method that suits them best. At the same time, the developing sector of the crypto industry, NFT, is also integrated into the ecosystem. The ability to buy and sell characters, horses, clothes and various game items within the system allows users to manage their own world. The fact that items are available for shopping also increases the competitive environment. It helps that the interest in farms continues uninterrupted.
The Hypodrom developers have developed the system based on two main items. These are to entertain and earn. But these substances are intended to cover the entire community, not only experienced users, but also beginners to specialists. In this regard, even someone who has never been in the crypto sector before can gain a place for himself in the Hypodrom ecosystem. In addition, it allows expert users to make transactions at their own level. It stands out dec its easy interface and various methods of earning.
HYPODROM NFT PLATFORM
Virtual products developed by the users themselves can be sold on the Hypodrom NFT platform. As users show interest in their farm, they can put their horses, jockey outfits and jockeys for sale. Just as the interest in a real farm increases at the same rate, the NFT gain increases in the face of the care shown to the farm in the Hypodrom.
 
Users can afford all kinds of things they need to use on their own farms through the Hypodrom Marketplace. In this way, a fair competition environment emerges while users can shop among themselves.
HYPODROM TOKEN STAKING
Hypodrom creates a passive income advantage with the Token staking feature. The amount that users are staking is an important factor for places in the Hypodrom ecosystem. Every asset in the ecosystem has its own gain. The increase in this gain is equivalent to the real world. A farm is needed to raise horses. With the increase in the capacity of the horse farm, the number of horses and the positive characteristics of horses are also increasing. When the fertility level of horses increases, the number of horses will also increase and the farm capacity will also be increased. In this case, you will be in a positive cycle. At the same time, the impact of the racing sector on the subsidiary industry will also increase. For example, the more horses there are in a city, the higher the demand for feed shops increases. There is also a real world in the hypodrome ecosystem. In this case, the staking level and the location of the users in the ecosystem are determined.
 
OUR MISSION
Hypodrom presents users with a revolutionary integration. The main goal of the development team is to strengthen the players and create economic opportunities. In this context, the mission of bringing a new dimension to the gaming world has emerged with Blockchain technology.
TOKEN FUNCTIONALITY
The Hypodrom ecosystem offers its users four different ways to earn.
1.	Staking
Users can use the Hypodrom token within the system to earn a token reward. In this way, users are encouraged to hold Hypodrom Tokens. By increasing the number of tokens with staking, users can earn passive income.
2.	Games
Players can earn Hypodrom Tokens by participating in in-game races. By bringing blockchain technology to the gaming industry, it has created a system that is entertaining and profitable. Developing their own characters also increases their chances in the game. Therefore, the amount of Hypodrom Tokens they earn from the races also increases.
3.	Buying Game Items
Earnings can be made by buying and selling game items within the ecosystem. Horses, characters, farms, terrains and accessories are created for exchange between users. Also these game elements can be improved. In this case, the profit from the items put up for sale is also increasing.
 
4.	Investing
Hypodrom Token is the product of an ecosystem that is constantly being developed and supported by its community. This creates an environment open to investment. By taking advantage of price changes, users can create a new source of income for themselves. It can be traded on the main exchanges of the system.
